+++
title = "Slider Merger"
slug = "slider-merger"
+++

Merge 2 or more sliders into one big slider. The pixel length of the resulting
slider is the sum of the pixel lengths of the sliders that made it up.

This tool works on the current map.

For sliders to merge they following things must happen:

- There is a slider
- The next object after that is also a slider
- The head of the next slider is at most x units away from the last anchor of the first slider where x is the merge connection leniency

If require bookmarks is checked then the program will act like only the objects
which have a bookmark on them exist. The bookmark can be on the sliderhead,
sliderhead or sliderbody. Just anywhere within the time range of the object.

All the sliders involved must be bookmarked for it to work.

Merge connection leniency is the amount of osu! pixels the sliderhead of the
second slider can be away from the last anchor of the first slider in order for
it to still merge. When the textbox can’t be parsed it will default to 0.

When a slider is not directly on the last anchor of the previous slider and the
distance is within the merge connection leniency, then it will move that second
slider along with all it’s anchors to be exactly on the last anchor of the
first slider.
 
Bezier conversions
---

Slider Merger automatically converts all involved sliders into a Bezier type path to be able to merge them.

- Perfect passthrough sliders become a Bezier path with 3-7 white anchors
  depending on the central angle. The anchors are generated by getting a
  pre-generated bezier approximation for that range of central angles, then the
  central angle gets reduced to the required central angle using the
  Casteljau’s algorithm, then the anchors get scaled and rotated into the right
  position.
- Catmull sliders get converted to Bezier with a simple and fast algorithm. For this every anchor in the catmull slider becomes a red anchor with 2 white anchors around it.
- Linear sliders get converted to Bezier by turning all the anchors into red anchors except for the anchors on the ends.
- Bezier sliders don’t need to get changed.


